doc: update metric naming spec (#984)
aws/aws-toolkit-common: telemetry/telemetryformat.md

### Metrics

_metrics_ is an array that contains the actual metrics posted to the service.
- `name` defines the metric name
  - it must be in the format `namespace_camelCaseName` (e.g. `s3_objectUpload`).

>   - it must be in the format `{namespace}_{noun}{Verb}` (eg: `toolkit_moduleInit`)

Reviewer: Can you add some indented points explaining the rationale? As reviewers we will want to be able to link to this section of the doc to avoid repetition and pushback.

Author: Good point, updated

  - Common Namespaces:
    - `toolkit_` is for general non-feature-specific metrics created by the toolkit. Eg: `toolkit_moduleOpen`
    - `ide_` is for IDE specific metrics, not controlled by our extension. Eg: `ide_editorOpen`

>   - NOTE: due to legacy reasons the above spec may not be followed, but all future definitions must follow it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - NOTE: legacy metrics don't always follow the above rules, but new definitions must follow it.
```

>     - `ide_` is for IDE specific metrics, not controlled by our extension. Eg: `ide_editorOpen`

Reviewer 3: can we also add an entry for ui_click?

Author: what do you mean specifically? 

IIUC we semi-agreed in a previous slack thread that with this new spec, `toolkit_uiClick` would technically be the name that we go with **if it didn't already exist**

- `description` explains what the metric means
  - put effort to explaining the metrics purpose in detail. This tends to be the source of truth for
    what the metric actually means and how it should be used.

> - `metadata` contains data from `types` that define characteristics of the telemetry beyond

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `metadata` contains fields (`types`) that define characteristics of the telemetry beyond
```

> `createTime` and a `value`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  `createTime` and a `value`.
```

>   - This field is optional, but default `types` are automatically added regardless.

Reviewer 2: I know they are called types but I imagine this will be confusing to read.
```suggestion
  - This field is optional, but default fields (`types`) are always present on generated metrics.
```
